Info_Scilifelab_site (#2357)
nf-core/website: src/content/events/2024/hackathon-march-2024/sweden-scilifelab.md

## Schedule

We are largely sticking to the main schedule displayed [here](https://nf-co.re/events/2024/hackathon-march-2024#schedule). For anyone with access, these are the booked rooms for the event:

- 2024-03-18 - 0900-1700: Alpha 2, Milky Way
- 2024-03-19 - 0900-1700: Gamma 7, Stockholm
- 2024-03-20 - 0900-1700: Alpha 2, Milky Way

Like proper Swedes, all other activities like pizza and / or drinks will be discussed on site during the hackathon, so everyone has a say!

## Access

> If you do not already have access to the Scilifelab Stockholm building (because for example you work there), you will not be able to access the rooms without assistance. Please be at the Scilifelab reception before 9 am, or, if that is not possible, inform Franziska or Maxime on Slack at what time you will arrive, and she will pick you up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: warning
If you do not already have access to the Scilifelab Stockholm building (because for example you work there), you will not be able to access the rooms without assistance. Please be at the Scilifelab reception before **9 am**, or, if that is not possible, inform [Franziska](https://nfcore.slack.com/team/UGP9YUCKD) or [Maxime](https://nfcore.slack.com/team/UE6D8290F) on Slack at what time you will arrive, and they will pick you up.
:::
```

## How to prepare and what to bring?

- Please familiarize yourself with the [pre-hackathon checklist](Pre-hackathon checklist)
- Don't forget your work utensils:
  - Computer
  - Computer charger (!)
  - any required adapters
- We always welcome baked goods :)

## Food and Drinks

> Seqera has kindly offered to pay for a round of pizza for us (yay!) and there is coffee, tee and milk available on site. Other than that we will need to provide our own food and beverages. You are welcome to use the microwaves at Scilife to heat anything you bring, but from experience we are most likely going to a nearby restaurant for sustenance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seqera has kindly offered to pay for a round of pizza for us (yay!) and there is coffee, tea and milk available on site. Other than that we will need to provide our own food and beverages. You are welcome to use the microwaves at Scilife to heat anything you bring, but from experience we are most likely going to a nearby restaurant for sustenance.
```
